Jerusalem is always inspiring to visit during the Jewish holidays.
And the biblical feast of tabernacles is
Join us in the city of the great king for
Five nights of joyful celebration.
Exports Ministry has planned a special tour package.
including participation with thousands of Israelis and guests.
from all over the world in the annual Jerusalem March.
So bring your flags banners
And walking shoes.
We'll also explore many of the ancient wonders and
Spiritual highlights around the city.
And we'll have times of feasting and celebration.
So plan now to come up to Jerusalem and join our tour and spiritual adventure.
For more details, visit our website at www.fema.org.
Jerusalem channel dot tv